<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">
   <body>
      <ui:composition template="../template/base.xhtml">

         <ui:define name="title">
            Medical Care: Create Authorization
         </ui:define>

         <ui:define name="navigation">
            <ui:include src="../template/tab-navigation.xhtml"/>
         </ui:define>

         <ui:define name="form">
            <div class="column">
               <div class="menu form">
                  <div class="header">
                     <h3 class="center">Create Authorization for #{var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.patient.name}</h3>
                  </div>
                  <div class="body">
                     <ul class="vertical form-area grid g48">
                        <ui:include src="template/form.xhtml"/>
                     </ul>
                  </div>
                  <div class="footer">
                     <h:commandButton action="#{jsf._do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorizationValidationMap._(biz.patientAuthorizationValidationMap(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization))).
                                                go(empty var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorizationValidationMap._ ?
                                                jsf._do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.setCreated(jsf.newDate)).
                                                _do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.setCreatedUserId(access.user.id)).
                                                _do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.setLastUpdated(jsf.newDate)).
                                                _do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.setLastUpdatedUserId(access.user.id)).
                                                _do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.setMyOfficeCode(myOfficeCode)).
                                                _do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization.setStatus('ACTIVE')).
                                                _save(var.PatientAuthorization.form.patientAuthorization).
                                                _do(var.Patient.PatientAuthorization.search._(null)).
                                                _do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.$).back() : jsf.stay())}" styleClass="default ok-button" value="OK"/>
                     <h:commandButton action="#{jsf._do(var.PatientAuthorization.form.$).
                                                _do(var.Patient.PatientAuthorization.search._(null)).back}" value="Cancel" immediate="true" styleClass="cancel-button"/>
                  </div>
               </div>
            </div>
         </ui:define>

      </ui:composition>

   </body>
</html>